When we're together with a large group of Jehovah's people in the ministry and at our meetings and assemblies
We really feel Jehovah's blessing, don't we?
But what if we're isolated?
What if we're facing persecution?
This is what Alphan's talk like spear in some years ago in Egypt. Let's see how Jehovah proved to be with him.
It's always dark.
Everything is pitch black dark.
Easy pros are always Israel, and they were arresting the brothers, charging us of practicing illegal activities as a band organization.
On that night, we'd be in transfer to the concentration camp.
We couldn't see much.
What's going there? What does this place look like? Where is it?
It's the Israelese.
The officers get two soldiers to escort us to our cell where the brothers were.
We know that when people taken to the concentration camp, they spend his and some of them never send back.
When I was in a teenager, I liked the characters in the bar, like Abraham, Daniel, Moses.
I thought they're champions of the true worship, and some stage I felt jealous of them.
They got this huge relationship with God, so I'd like to be part of that.
I'll continue to reach the barber to get closer to God.
I know that Jehovah will come after him. He will not abandon his seven.
So we try to encourage them, brothers, keep in mind that we hear because we worship Jehovah.
We set together to discuss what we're going to do to keep on as spiritual as strong.
We thought that we need to pray.
If we pick up a scripture every day, like a daily text, and then after that result,
a scripture, one will handle a talk from the memory of God, and then an open discussion of
Bible question. At that stage, we didn't have Bible with us.
The officers went to us to renown our face, so they told me to learn the ground,
and they started to beat me. The whole camp was around, and one of the prisoners fainted.
So I started to pray to Jehovah, to help me, to be able to induce that.
It was very severe pain, and I felt his help because after a few beating my body fell numb.
I don't feel much more pain. One of the prisoners said to me,
if I get out of here alive, I will tell my children that in the concentration camp,
I've seen the Christian, remind me with the first century Christian that they were happy even
to die without renowning their face. One of the officers, this, you know,
a nice one that used to beat us very, very severely, came one day and he said,
we need two of you to come out, and write a report about what do you believe?
So we thought about, is it wise to do that, or maybe they use it against us?
You know, pray to Jehovah for help to make a decision. He to guide us what to do.
In the end, we reached a point that, well, we may get out, may not. So, might as well give them a witness.
I told the officer, we need a Bible. And he said, what for?
I said to him, because we need to cut from the Bible in this report. So he said, okay, you have
a Bible in the sorrow, he said, yes, I have a Bible. He said, okay, go and get your Bible.
I went to my bag and picked up the Bible. So I picked up the Bible of my hand up and it ran
them down, it started raining. Numbers, it looked like a whole lot of this book. I said to him,
Moses, on the top of his voice. So I kept quiet and he closed the book again and
opened it again. Again, on top of his head, I was racing in my mind where it is written and the
Bible that Jehovah told Moses to write any of this. He shot the book again for a fair time and
opened it again and he started reading the load books.
So the officer looked at me with big surprise in his face. After we wrote the report,
so I asked him, can we keep the Bible place? He said, okay, keep the Bible.
So three months near the every day, the officer comes in and beat us and expect us to compromise.
We never did that. All I can say is Jehovah's hand. Jehovah's helping us to endure, to continue to do
his will, not compromising because we belong to him and we rhyme him. God will not abandon his seven.
Why was Alphonse thrown into prison? It wasn't because he refused to say a simple greeting to
the president of his country. No, that phrase was a political slogan. Like many Jehovah's witnesses,
Alphonse was persecuted for his neutrality.